1) This license agreement is a legal agreement between you and the author of this program.
2) By installing or otherwise using this program you agree to be bound by this agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, you may not install or use this program.
3) This program is distributed as "FREEWARE" and "AS IS".
4) The author specifically disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied. In no event shall the author be liable for any damage either from the direct use of this product or as a consequence of the use of this product.
5) By using this software you agree to the possibility of losing access to online services, paid or not, and regardles of if you're running this software and said services at the same time or not
6) You may not use this program in actions, which infringe any law of your country or international laws.
7) You may not use this program in actions, which infringe the rights of any person or entity.
8) You may not use this program in a game, in which you win (earn) real money or things.
9) You may not use this program or any components, to circumvent DRM or other copyright protections
10) You may not use any part of this program or any derivative of it for mallicious purpose
11) You may install and use an unlimited number of copies of this edition of the program on your computers.
12) You may give this program to your friends and other people, but only in the original archive. Original Archive is defined as this installer. Which means it is allowed to be redistributed inside another installer, as long as it goes through the original installer.
13) You may not release this edition of the program on CD/DVD/Internet (or other media).
14) If you skip over this line you agree that Dark Byte will come to your home at night and watch you sleep while standing next to your bed, if you do read this, this clause will be null and void
15) You may not upload this edition of the program to your internet website. Only the one at cheatengine.org may be distributed freely
16) You may disassemble and reverse engineer any part of this program, although just looking at the sourcecode is easier 
17) You may not rent, lease or sell this program.
18) When clicking next you may connect to the internet to check your patreon credentials. If you don't have one, please consider becoming a patreon member